this is a short video to show you some
of the features and the rear connections
on the 50 inch LG 5 o ln 575 s smart
television
it comes with four screws to mount it on
the wall brackets and they are 40
centimeters apart there and 40
centimeters apart they're gonna use it
for the table stay the slots in here LAN
in optical sound output headphone output
scart connector
come visit video component video audio
out right audio out left satellite input
aerial input Sentra bet panel
mains input three HDMI sockets on the
right-hand side of the back one two
three this is for hard drive or flash
drive and pop that in there second USB
in third USB in and then we will slot
here for PCM CIA card along there the
built-in speakers are on the base of the
unit one here and one there left hand
side from the back channel up and down
sound plus - okay button settings input
select on and off